Special Purpose Settings.
As you know,
this module is about configuring a system and you now
know that we have the Control Panel,
which is a graphical front-end to what happens under the hood in the Registry,
and I wanted to just give special notice to certain Control Panels
that may not be something you use very often,
but they can be very helpful to particular populations of users.
We're seeing here in Windows 95 Microsoft began in this OS version to
start to give accessibility options to the end user,
the ability to give users who have maybe motor problems with their
fingers the ability to more carefully or to have more time let's
say to press keys on the keyboard,
maybe they have the display show up in a higher
contrast to make the mouse pointer larger.
All of these accessibility options have been tweaked and tuned over the
years from 95 all the way to Windows 10 and it's really nice that
Microsoft cares about their users to that point.
This is a screenshot from the Windows 10 Accessibility Helper screen.
You know by now that we have a separation of duties between the
classic Control Panel items and the settings in Windows 10 and
how that can be kind of confusing.
Similarly,
we have the accessibility options split across the two interfaces as well.
The ease of access center is a one-stop shop where you can
customize all sorts of options for people who have various
physical challenges with their computer.
In the settings app,
we have the other options under ease of access and this shows you
specifically being able to turn animations on or off.
Whether or not you want to show the Windows background,
I myself am quite colorblind and I have a difficult time if the Windows
background is a super like a kaleidoscope pattern,
I'm really not going to be able to see anything that's
going in the desktop in that case.
Likewise, I've worn glasses since I was 7 years old or so,
so cursor thickness is just generally something that I'll want to boost a bit to make it easier to see.